Update grammar, links, deprecations, etc in various text files (#2000)
GeyserMC/Geyser: CONTRIBUTING.md

Thank you for considering a contribution! Generally, Geyser welcomes PRs from everyone. There are some guidelines about what features should go where:

*Pull requests that may not get accepted:* Niche features that apply to a specific group, for example, integration with a specific plugin. For now, please create a separate plugin if possible.

*Pull requests for Floodgate:* Anything that opens up information within the game for developers to use.

*Pull requests for Geyser:* Anything that fixes compatibility between Java or Bedrock or improves the quality of play for Bedrock players. The exception is wherever direct server access is required; in this case, it may be better for Floodgate.

> We have some general style guides that you should apply throughout the code:

Reviewer: Seems silly.

Author: Well, who's doing the applying? :p

Reviewer: Everyone, not just the reader.

Author: Well the reader is reading these guidelines, right?

Reviewer: We should let them know that we're not just enforcing the guidelines to you, but to everyone! :)

Author: But you is everyone!! I don't get it

Reviewer: You is only the reader. Commenting code applies to everyone, even if they do not read this document.

Author: ```suggestion
We have some general style guides that should be applied throughout the code:
```

}
```

> Make sure to add comments to your code where possible.

Reviewer: Seems silly.

Author: I still don't understand your definition of "silly"

Reviewer: I feel like "commenting your code" is used more in programming spaces as opposed to "adding comments to your code." Commenting is an act of itself.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure to comment your code where possible.
```

> Our software's nature requires a lot of arrays and maps to be stored - where possible, use Fastutil's specialized maps. For example, if you're storing block state translations, use an `Int2IntMap`.

Reviewer: Seems silly.

Author: Okay this one I can agree on lol

Author: ```suggestion
The nature of our software requires a lot of arrays and maps to be stored - where possible, use Fastutil's specialized maps. For example, if you're storing block state translations, use an `Int2IntMap`.
```
